
--- Page 1 ---
PFU Business report

New customer's development
and increasing the sale of product

My country economy at this season keeps escaping from Odoba of business though holds a crude oil

high so on unstable element that continues still, and recovering gradually and well.
In the IT industry, there is an influence such as competing intensification in narrowing investment field.

{The main product and service at this season]

@From the product headquarters

In the image business, the new model turning on of the A3 high-speed,
two sided color scanner that achieved a high-speed reading aimed at.
wroom was established in United States, Europe, and Asia/Oceania.

@image business

1) Scanner class

A3 high-speed, two sided color scanner "fi-5900C" that 100 high-n
function to enable industry-leading was installed was announced in
ScanSnap gotten popular because of an office and individual use.

2) DLM solution scanner

The DLM solution that used received the rise of the concern to efficient
management and internal management of the corporate private circum-

usually bad

Satisfaction rating to new product

stances report in recent years and attracted attention. The function of software that the inspection of data is possible by
the sense that turns over the file is strengthened, and easiness to use has been improved.

[approach on business risk]

@in-house activity

The attestation intended for each office in Shinbashi, Kansai, and Tokai was acquired in environment ISO in February,
2006. In addition, it participates in the minus 6% that is a national movement of the global warming prevention, and
“Culbiz" is done. The scandal of the enterprise has frequently generated is received, concern is sent to the system mainte-

nance including the observance of the law in recent years.

@Enhancement of system of management

The committee that aimed at the decrease of a variety of business
risks in an individual business talk was newly established. Moreover,
the recognition of "Privacy mark" is received to manage customer and
employee's individual information appropriately in 2001, and the activ-
ity based on the protection of individual information policy is continued.
It is .bAsia/Oceania in globalln addition, our technology, commodity
power, and correspondence power were evaluating acquired.

400

90
80
70
60
5
4
3
2

ooo 000d

Wht

‘4998 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004

Satisfaction rating to new product

